Add deprecation information to docs (#323)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/Reference/file-based-catalogs.md

    kind: Bar
```

#### `olm.deprecations`

Operator authors can use the file-based catalog (FBC) deprecation schema to provide relevant information for support and upgrades for users running operators. The deprecation schema follows the Meta FBC Schema conventions. 

> Deprecation for packages/bundles/channels is enabled through the `olm.deprecations` schema. This schema consists of a list of scoped references to catalog content, with a descriptive message string that provides more information to the user. The deprecation schema is an optional feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `olm.deprecations` schema to deprecate packages, bundles, and channels. This schema consists of a list of scoped references to catalog content, with a descriptive message string that provides more information to the user. The deprecation schema is an optional feature.
```

A valid deprecation schema meets the following criteria:
- There must be only one schema per package
- The message must be a non-zero length
- The package name must exist in the bundle
  
The deprecation feature does not consider overlapping deprecation (package vs channel vs bundle).

|              | `olm.package`                   | `olm.channel`        | `olm.bundle`          |
|--------------|---------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------|
| Scope        | Entire Package                  | Single Channel       | Single Bundle Version |

> | Requirements | `name` must be empty | `name`  is mandatory | `name`  is mandatory  |

Reviewer 2: Since we put "`name` must be empty" for the `olm.package` entries, we should add a note that the name for an `olm.package` entry is inherited from the parent `olm.deprecations` object

> **Warning:** If the deprecation schema is invalid the entire FBC is deemed invalid by `bundle validate`

> Here is an example demonstrating each of the deprecation entry types:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates each of the deprecation entry types:
```

```yaml
schema: olm.deprecations
package: deprecation-example
entries:
  - reference:
  	schema: olm.bundle
  	name: deprecation-example-operator.v1.68.0
    message: |
   	deprecation-example-operator.v1.68.0 is deprecated. Uninstall and install deprecation-example-operator.v1.72.0 for support.
  - reference:
  	schema: olm.package
    message: |
   	package deprecation-example is end of life.  Please use 'non-deprecated-example' package for support.
  - reference:
  	schema: olm.channel
  	name: alpha
    message: |
   	channel alpha is no longer supported.  Please switch to channel 'stable'.

> 

Reviewer: Reminder to close your YAML block.

    kind: Bar
```

#### `olm.deprecations`

Operator authors can use the file-based catalog (FBC) deprecation schema to provide relevant information for support and upgrades for users running operators. The deprecation schema follows the Meta FBC Schema conventions. 

> Deprecation for packages/bundles/channels is enabled through the olm.deprecations schema. This schema consists of a list of scoped references to catalog content, with a descriptive message string that provides more information to the user. The deprecation schema is an optional feature.

Reviewer 2: Since it is fenced in with backticks in the title, we should probably do the same for consistency here:
```suggestion
Deprecation for packages/bundles/channels is enabled through the `olm.deprecations` schema. This schema consists of a list of scoped references to catalog content, with a descriptive message string that provides more information to the user. The deprecation schema is an optional feature.
```

> A valid depreciation schema meets the following criteria:

Reviewer 2: Typo:
```suggestion
A valid deprecation schema meets the following criteria:
```

- There must be only one schema per package
- The message must be a non-zero length
- The package name must exist in the bundle
  
The deprecation feature does not consider overlapping deprecation (package vs channel vs bundle).

|              | `olm.package`                   | `olm.channel`        | `olm.bundle`          |
|--------------|---------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------|
| Scope        | Entire Package                  | Single Channel       | Single Bundle Version |

> | Requirements | Must not be an associate `name` | `name`  is mandatory | `name`  is mandatory  |

Reviewer 2: "Must not be an associate `name`" - what does that mean? 

Maybe a bit more clear would be something like:
```suggestion
| Requirements | `name` must be empty | `name`  is mandatory | `name`  is mandatory  |
```

And then either within that block _or_ in a separate piece of text we can explain that when referencing an `olm.package` in a deprecation the `name` is inherited from the `package` field (that is present for all FBC objects as it is part of the meta schema)

> **Warning:** If the deprecation schema is invalid the entire FBC is deemed invalid by `bundle validate`

Here is an example demonstrating each of the deprecation entry types:  

> ```yaml
> schema: olm.deprecations
> package: kiali
> entries:
>   - reference:
>   	schema: olm.bundle
>   	name: kiali-operator.v1.68.0
>     message: |
>    	kiali-operator.v1.68.0 is deprecated. Uninstall and install kiali-operator.v1.72.0 for support.
>   - reference:
>   	schema: olm.package
>     message: |
>    	package kiali is end of life.  Please use 'kiali-new' package for support.
>   - reference:
>   	schema: olm.channel
>   	name: alpha
>     message: |
>    	channel alpha is no longer supported.  Please switch to channel 'stable'.
> ```

Reviewer 2: While I know this is an example that has been used in the past, I have a feeling that in our official documentation we should avoid using the name of a real operator _or_ include a disclaimer that explicitly states this is a documentation example only and that we are in no way stating that the deprecations here are from the kiali maintainers. I mainly just want to avoid this showing up in any google indexing if someone searches "kiali deprecated" and jumping to conclusions.

I personally would lean towards a change like:
```suggestion
```yaml
schema: olm.deprecations
package: deprecation-example
entries:
  - reference:
  	schema: olm.bundle
  	name: deprecation-example-operator.v1.68.0
    message: |
   	deprecation-example-operator.v1.68.0 is deprecated. Uninstall and install deprecation-example-operator.v1.72.0 for support.
  - reference:
  	schema: olm.package
    message: |
   	package deprecation-example is end of life.  Please use 'non-deprecated-example' package for support.
  - reference:
  	schema: olm.channel
  	name: alpha
    message: |
   	channel alpha is no longer supported.  Please switch to channel 'stable'.
```
```

    kind: Bar
```

#### `olm.deprecations`

Operator authors can use the file-based catalog (FBC) deprecation schema to provide relevant information for support and upgrades for users running operators. The deprecation schema follows the Meta FBC Schema conventions. 

> You can use the `olm.deprecations` schema to deprecate packages, bundles, and channels. This schema consists of a list of scoped references to catalog content, with a descriptive message string that provides more information to the user. The deprecation schema is an optional feature.

Reviewer 3: These para have some duplication in the form of "X can use to Y" statements.

> Operator authors can use the file-based catalog (FBC) deprecation schema to provide relevant information for support and upgrades for users running operators. The deprecation schema follows the Meta FBC Schema conventions. 
> 
> You can use the `olm.deprecations` schema to deprecate packages, bundles, and channels. This schema consists of a list of scoped references to catalog content, with a descriptive message string that provides more information to the user. The deprecation schema is an optional feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator authors can provide information for support and upgrades by using the optional `olm.deprecations` schema. 

The file-based catalog (FBC) deprecation schema consists of references to packages, bundles, and channels with a custom deprecation message.
```

A valid deprecation schema meets the following criteria:
- There must be only one schema per package
- The message must be a non-zero length

> - The package name must exist in the bundle

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The package must exist in the catalog
```

  
The deprecation feature does not consider overlapping deprecation (package vs channel vs bundle).

|              | `olm.package`                   | `olm.channel`        | `olm.bundle`          |
|--------------|---------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------|
| Scope        | Entire Package                  | Single Channel       | Single Bundle Version |

> | Requirements | `name` must be empty | `name`  is mandatory | `name`  is mandatory  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Requirements | `name` must be empty since it is inferred from the parent `package` field | `name`  is mandatory | `name`  is mandatory  |
```

> For the entry type `olm.package` the `name` will be inherited from the parent `olm.deprecations`

Reviewer 3: Not needed if https://github.com/operator-framework/olm-docs/pull/323/files#r1480491816 accepted.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to have this both [here](https://github.com/operator-framework/olm-docs/pull/323/files#diff-afc86fd86db68fce1c3f31d0b608dc396467c3f349adb2f992427635420b776eR323) and here?

> > **Warning:** If the deprecation schema is invalid the entire FBC is deemed invalid by `bundle validate`

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure we need this.  The new schema /is/ FBC, so it makes sense that if you write new, invalid FBC we should catch it in `opm validate`. 

This is an implementation detail;  maybe it came from the brief.
